README.md, before:

[![EN](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9499881/33184537-7be87e86-d096-11e7-89bb-f3286f752bc6.png)](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/) 
[![RU](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9499881/27683795-5b0fbac6-5cd8-11e7-929c-057833e01fb1.png)](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/blob/master/README.RU.md)
← Choose language | Выберите язык

# Spider Man Settings
The application allows to change the game resolution, color depth and brightness. Widescreen resolutions are supported. Compatibility tested with US, RU (7wolf) versions.

## Screenshots
![](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/assets/9499881/e9964b91-798e-400d-b4da-7f47ad10607e)
[![](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/assets/9499881/8e13f775-92bd-4f0f-b880-1cf60ed20a65)](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/assets/9499881/f0233845-e2f3-49a8-b8dd-90fd184c2cdf)

## Download
>Version for Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8.1, 10, 11.

**[Download](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/releases)**

## Credits
Many thanks to [Hemanshu Shekhar](https://community.pcgamingwiki.com/profile/9470-hemanshu-shekhar/) for finding the addresses to change the resolution and aspect ratio.

## Feedback
`r57zone[at]gmail.com`

Commit message:

Close after apply and update readme's

README.md, after:

[![EN](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9499881/33184537-7be87e86-d096-11e7-89bb-f3286f752bc6.png)](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/) 
[![RU](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9499881/27683795-5b0fbac6-5cd8-11e7-929c-057833e01fb1.png)](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/blob/master/README.RU.md)
← Choose language | Выберите язык

# Spider Man Settings
The application allows to change the game resolution, color depth and brightness. Widescreen resolutions are supported. Compatibility tested with US, RU (7wolf) versions.

## Setup
1. Extract [archive](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/releases) to the game folder.
2. Run the application and select the desired parameters.
3. Press the `Apply` button and the application will patch the required files.

## Screenshots
![](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/assets/9499881/e9964b91-798e-400d-b4da-7f47ad10607e)
[![](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/assets/9499881/8e13f775-92bd-4f0f-b880-1cf60ed20a65)](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/assets/9499881/f0233845-e2f3-49a8-b8dd-90fd184c2cdf)

## Download
>Version for Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8.1, 10, 11.

**[Download](https://github.com/r57zone/Spider-Man-Settings/releases)**

## Credits
Many thanks to [Hemanshu Shekhar](https://community.pcgamingwiki.com/profile/9470-hemanshu-shekhar/) for finding the addresses to change the resolution and aspect ratio.

## Feedback
`r57zone[at]gmail.com`
